Clean-up, storage page (#23)
filecoin-project/docs: go-filecoin-tutorial/Storing-on-Filecoin.md

* [Import data](#import-data)
* [Propose a storage deal](#propose-a-storage-deal)
* [Send data and pay miner](#send-data-and-pay-miner)
* [Retrieving data](#retrieving-data)

## How to store on Filecoin

Because Filecoin is a decentralized storage marketplace, storage clients (our term for anyone who wants to store data on the Filecoin network) propose storage deals with storage miners that they feel can meet their storage needs. Once a storage client has proposed a deal, the miner can choose to accept or reject that deal. The client then sends over the data, and the storage deal officially begins.

In order to run the remainder of these commands, ensure a Filecoin node is installed and currently running. See the [getting started](Getting-Started) section of this documentation for more information.

## Test Filecoin with sample data

> Personal data can be used to test Filecoin. It is recommended to use small test files while initially getting used to the different commands.

Reviewer: Saying personal data here invokes all sorts of privacy concerns. I was going to suggest an alternative phrase, but I think we can deleted the first sentence altogether.

Author: Good call, didn't think about that! Shall remove

As part of negotiating the deal, the `propose-storage-deal` command will automatically move the funds required for covering the deal's total into a payment channel with the storage miner.  This payment channel will periodically release payments to the storage miner across the lifetime of the deal.

Data is automatically transferred to a staging area via the underlying [bitswap](https://github.com/ipfs/specs/tree/master/bitswap) mechanism (implementation from IPFS) of Filecoin. Miners will now be required to store files on their machines and begin the sealing/proving process. Under the hood, filecoin miners automatically fire off a sealing process at a configured interval (defaulted to 120 seconds) to take all data in the miner's staging area and seal it into the miner's pledged storage sectors.  The deal status will move to "staged" at this point.  After sealing is complete and the miner posts its commitment to the chain, the deal status will move to "posted".

Check the deal state:

```sh
go-filecoin client query-storage-deal <dealID>
```

Once it reads "posted, you will have successfully stored your data!", the data is now available for retrieval.

## Retrieving data

> Before data can be retrieved from a sealed sector, the sector must be unsealed. At present, the sealing and unsealing processed are artificially fast; it will take around 5-10 minutes for a piece of data to be retrieved after it is requested. Note that, when Filecoin is working in production, this may take much longer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before data can be retrieved from a sealed sector, the sector must be unsealed. Sealing and unsealing times vary depending on the size of the sector, and may range from a few minutes to a few hours.
```

Reviewer: Real proofs have been integrated now, so it's no longer artificially fast.

```sh
# Retrieve your data, using the address of the
# miner you made a deal with and the <CID> of the data.
go-filecoin retrieval-client retrieve-piece <minerAddress> <CID> # can take a minute
```

> Congratulations! You have now walked through several of the client commands available on Filecoin. Let us know if you have any questions by dropping a message on Matrix (#fil-chat) or the [community forum](https://discuss.filecoin.io/), and take a look at the [Troubleshooting & FAQs page](Troubleshooting-&-FAQ).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Congratulations! You have now walked through several of the client commands available on Filecoin. Let us know if you have any questions by dropping a message on Slack/Matrix (#fil-help) or the [community forum](https://discuss.filecoin.io/), and take a look at the [Troubleshooting & FAQs page](Troubleshooting-&-FAQ).
```

Reviewer: The help channel name changed since this was first written.
